well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about the
political cuisine
being offered out in arizona uh because
voters have definitely been
handed something to chew on
and what this statement means for the
gop
and the message it's sending to the rest
of the united states
a senatorial candidate out there senator
martha mcsally said
and i quote we're doing our part to
catch up
you know to get our message out but it
takes resources
so anybody can give i'm not ashamed to
ask
to invest if you can give a dollar
five dollars if you can fast
a meal and give what that would be
wow you know politicians have a long
illustrious history of taking food off
of the working person's table
but typically they wait till after the
election to do it
this statement this message shows that
the republican party is having real
issues fundraising for senate races
this could be indicative of a populist
that wants new want some kind of
leadership
and when you really think about what's
being said here
if you don't have a dollar to spare if
you don't have five dollars to spare
skip a meal this isn't a plea
to to those who
have means this is a plea
to those without means to go
to go without so a politician
can get into power
i'd point out that even marie antoinette
offered cake this is probably not a good
sign for the gop
not at all and while i don't
endorse candidates i would like to point
out that her opponent
is a a literal astronaut fairly certain
that that person could uh
figure out some way to run their
campaign
without asking people too fast in
in his honor
but you know it's a decision for the
people of arizona to make you don't need
outside influence there
if you want to skip a mill so
billionaires can get tax cuts
that's on you anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night